Welcome to GAV, a GPL rendition of the popular Arcade Volleyball.

Some menu items might not be implemtented yet.

See CHANGELOG for recent modifications.

Keys:
default keys are:
Left player: z, c and left shift
Right player: left, right and up cursor keys.

use the arrow keys to navigate the menus, spacebar or enter to activate
items, F10 to switch to fullscreen mode while playing.

Network Game:
One of the programs must function as server. The server determines
the parameters of the game (except for the theme, which might be
different from client to client). Whatever player the server configures
as "Keyboard/Joy" is local to the server, "Computer/Net" players are controlled
either by the computer or by a remote client. Starting the server, you
specify how many clients will attach: each of them will replace a computer
player. This way, you can play in several different ways: a local player
against a remote one, a local and AI player against 2 remote ones, an AI
player against a local and a remote one... Bear in mind that players 1 and 3
play on the left side, and 2 and 4 on the right side.
The client need not select anything about the players: just the side it
will play on (left or right). Currently, only one player per client is
allowed (while more than one can play on the server). The client's player
is always controlled by Player 1's controls.

Installing themes:
themes default to the /usr/share/games/gav/themes directory, but if a
directory ./themes exists, they are looked for in such a directory. This
might cause problem if you start GAV from a directory that contains
a 'themes' subdirectory, but no classic theme, which is the
default.

Sounds:
Sounds are looked for in the current theme's directory. If no sound is
found there, they are looked for in the "default sound" directory,
which is the directory "sounds" at the same level as the "themes"
directory. Provided with the game by default (as long as theme
creators do not come with appropriate sounds for their themes) are the
default sounds (two 'whistles' at different pitch indicating the
service change and the scoring of a point). Theme creators interesting in
setting up sounds, can find the sound filenames, associated with the various
events, in the array "sound_fnames", found in SoundMgr.cpp.

Thanks:
- Marius Andreiana, who provided the gnome menu entry.
- Mark Whittington, who provided patches to compile
  under Win32, and working on an installer.
- Fernando "Yisus" Notari, who provided the Yisus, Yisus2 and unnamed themes.
- El Fabio, who provided the fabeach theme.
- Serge S. Fukanchik for his feedback and his precious aid to increase
  GAV efficiency.
- Aleksander Kam for provinding a useful patch

Authors:
To contact the authors, please refer to the Sourceforge project page
http://www.sourceforge.net/projects/gav
